I mean this lesson we're going to take the content that we created when we go into structure or post
it will be fairly detailed because I want to show you exactly how I built the post and how I rank on
google page 1.
Let's go
search and download five or six relevant images from pixelate rename them to contain the focus Keywood
and variations
search youtube with the post focus keyword and copy the you are Al
convert the video into an MP 3 file online download and save
convert the punctuated post text into a file and name it as a focus key word var.
you also need the list of related keywords discovered in you just as described in the video list.
Keywords strategy these keywords have to be separated by commas.
Open WordPress dashboard and click add a new post
at the title which should contain your focus keyword.
The keyword itself should be the first words in that title.
Paste the YouTube video you are l into the post when the post is published.
The lazy load for video plugin will display a thumbnail and load the video if it is clicked
now click Add media and upload the MP 3 of the video or you WordPress will automatically display a simple
MP 3 player underneath the video.
I normally type YouTube channel in text here and link out to the video created channel
now paste the whole text of the video transcript into the post
on the PTF and
post the images throughout the article I think he were variations as the old text for each one.
Two or three paragraphs down the article at an age to title with the key word variation.
Throughout the text he was bold phoned from time to time for variety and then close certain passages
in quotation marks.
Link out with relevant keyword variations to post on your own site and link out to two authorities sites
choose a category for the post and add the comma separated key words as tax
scrolling down to the three in one SBO in fields and the title of the show description containing the
focus keyword.
Lastly add three or four keywords using method tagged manager at the bottom of the page
go back to the top of the post check you or else look for the post generated automatically by Word Press.
The system uses the title as the basis for this slug.
We need to check it and shorten it so that is your main focus.
Key word or a very close variation.
Now preview the post
make any adjustments necessary.
I'm probably.